[ExpansionCard] Content defaults to app-color from Theme. (#4075)
navikt/Designsystemet: .changeset/eight-games-stop.md

---
"@navikt/ds-react": patch
---

> ExpansionCard: Content now defaults to app-color defined in `Theme`, fixing a regression causing all content to be colored `neutral`.

Reviewer: Should we prefix with "Darkside"?
E.g.:
```suggestion
Darkside: ExpansionCardContent now defaults to app-color defined in `Theme`, fixing a regression causing all content to be colored `neutral`.
```
